---
layout: detailed
title: Tučepi, Croatia
image: /assets/images/croatia/Croatia.JPG
dueDate: August, 2016
author: me
---
Tučepi, located near Biokovo Mountain and its beaches just along the famous Makarska Riviera which gives guests a diverse value of pleasant experiences and memorable adventures.Great places to eat on the Tučepi beach promenade are: Restoran Kaštelet, Mimoza Pizzeria, Viola Cake and Ice Cream Shop. Filled with beach bars, cafe-bars and pool side bars, Tučepi is a live town for young people with much to do in. Live music and performances, Croatian acapella groups and a variety of singers perform at the Rosa summer terrace in Hotel Afrodita, Neptun i Alga, where you can enjoy in the hotel's outdoor swimming pools, jacuzzi, indoor pool of Hotel Alga or Lido Pool Bar and Tučepi Iris Beach Bar.Hotel Alga provides you with a beauty salon and hairdresser, spa services (massage, facial, steam room etc.), solarium, doctor on request, sauna, massages and relaxation room. Children can take sports lessons at Hotel Neptun and become actively involved in basketball, soccer and tennis. Mini disco, animators, playground, day and night animation program, and children's pool with sea water is our fun and delightful offer for children. 
Rafting on Cetina River is an interesting and unforgettable experience. You are able experience upfront and live the excitement of rafting along the untouched beautiful waterfalls, caves and canyons. Find out more about Excursions from Tučepi.  

_text from_ https://www.bluesunhotels.com/en/things-to-do-in-tucepi.aspx
